tomorrow is good night everyone today is thursday 12th of december at 9
hours we are at rio de janeiro airport
santos dumont a little bit quicker today that we have a commitment to
20 hours at the military engineering institute where the course here is weighing
for exactly five years 50 years did a l currently the
our gift from the bnds and then changed his mind in the year has already changed the president is a
five months there and it has already changed he even told me that he doesn’t have
nothing irregular in the illegal bbb10 illegal because there is the beginning of charity
with someone else's hat started inside parliament exactly the measures
provisional with a bill of laws and agreed and then the bds executed but
so it was a one way to use obey but it is smart exact bank
a president power really is less than the box works here we at
the federal fund is talking about economics
I think it's worth it has something new is our right here our interpreter of
pounds the lucas quick thing like I learned to
warm up very regrettably in that accident
occurred with a hercules c-130 plane from chile that talks about the tactic really fell
at sea the Brazilian ship that was in the next region did not go to the
region of the possible accident ended up finding wreckage of the c 130 with
parts of human bodies un-habitat regrets god comforts the family and
congratulates our Brazilian Navy for their promptness in this help
humanitarian our Chilean brothers
economy the selic rate I remember when the confusion was made
causing a constituent to set the maximum limit of 12%
went ahead there is the most varied allegations possible a vote was taken
proposal of the song and left free and in the government fernando henrique cardoso arrived
hitting around 60 percent the selic rate close to 60% is because this
had as a remedy to fight inflation increase religious to that
medicine worked at the time it wasn’t too heavy for the president as well
heavy that the domestic debt increased alarmingly where we have 4 trillion
of domestic debt this year and this year here we are
paying by completing the year by paying approximately 400 billion reais of
interest interest gives more than 1 billion a day
but everyone to feel the size of the problem in this because to think what the
Brazil took out a loan last year to pay another 1 billion for
interest day is growth on top of selic rate well the selic rate now without
any interference from the executive branch has now been set at four and
half a second according to roberto campos at the central bank said that by staying
this fee next year we must pay in the year 2020 - 110
billions of reais so I don’t think the advantage and going out
for all of us Brazilians and what are the positive reflexes
better to say that pedro isamu the positive in this lower interest rate
today is president we announced three more reductions in the morning
in interest rates we once again reduced mortgage loans
so we started the year around 9% and now we reach 6 6 percent one
very significant reduction in nuclear transit by reducing g and new check
special remembers that we were conventions in the function to enter with 1 13% to the
month and now we announce at 4.95 the wall there i have ancestry you
in the past a president and interfered in those numbers and you resolved
reduce these numbers in the case here the interest of the overdraft or I ask you
you win is you are gaining customers because of that resumption measure started
there in the last 45 days we have over a million customers among credit cards
credit among individual customers, among other insurance operations
cashier has never been so strong from a marketing standpoint because the population
Today, the Brazilian bank is aware that both the bank and the social bank do the
payments of r 10 in others as well as the bank
leads in Brazil the reduction of the interest rate is the real estate credit of traia
was when jader josé assumed around 9 tr plus 9% but for
simplify because the land is 0 9% currently 6 thousand so if anyone wants to
buy your own house the best in the savings bank and your perspective you
should even more or less profit the box never had so much in why
because there is another very important issue when you reduce the rate of
interest is to increase the size of the portfolio and reduce defaults
in other words, president pay 13% per month [Music]
only the press goes to 40 percent when you charge 4 and a half
press reduces a lot so you get the overdraft on the other side the cashier
is 4.9 the other banks average 13% the campaign from the box up and I just
just opened an account there campaigning is not the question of credit
real estate the other banks at the time of 7 6 by
percent a year the box is 6 and 6 1 percent is a lot to reinforce the
sir spoke neither my municipal chief dr the chief of sir is did any
interference doesn’t have much of an issue for me when using robots
that president roberto the president of the bank of brazil is that we have a
independence we are very close we are a team and
we believe in the same ideal we believe in very important loyalty
so in my opinion this makes a difference is incredible because we
we are confident that we can be 100% is a motorcycle using here such a
around two and a half months in front of the presidency and five months and finally
until the 16th it's been five months now let's go fast when you
he assumed he talked to me he talked from para ufpa colleagues from the bank is also
that happened to be your goal ahead of the president bnds i put five goals
ahead of benesse first goal explain the black box second goal
repay the treasury in order to reduce interest selling the shareholdings
speculative improve the service the bank provides to the Brazilian government and
make a business plan focused on the social in the port touch on the subject here
if any one of the people wants to see that one in the black box, how is it
it does it goes now in a simple way on the site open point well 10.9 point br
open dot bds dot gov.br she goes to the website simple bid clear explanatory and
people can answer questions and get that money
seeks to know how much I went with what percentage and with guarantee was given for
the loan was certainly borrowed 656 million
of dollars from mariel port of biggest question for him to take advantage of the window
there is what cuba produces to have first class air force comfort
Portuguese which produces vat exports
find another toucan guy my people there that an average salary of 20
dollars the dough what these people have to do
to be able to buy the imported one has to be able to go to this so that this point of
first there was for sure the ideological question guarantee sign the
total iron in the third not in the channel of the channel that the company calls
channel presidency is the channel dictator does not pay the country that has not been paying right
then we will take it says should take a default as the president of 561
million dollars that is preventing the 204 just over two billion
years we tested 656 still paying the bill we here what are you listening to then
now I go over here over there now the business is how is it how is it
that the bank provides a loan from this pro knowing that as there is no way to pay
is to convince the president of the bnds of the time to make a very simple loan
President, this loan was endorsed by the
National treasure
we all of us the people that amorim ahead will talk more about the bnds he the package
anti-wall crisis was approved i will listen to the world now because it suffered
change the bed and see what we might be thinking I think it's you stay
connected to a device of this cream design and triples the penalty for those who
commit the crime of libel, defamation and injury and julia node on social media
but the hell that goes on scene i'm willing to veto that's it but we
will follow thales here to see that the people think
I must sanction I can take into account that
you are putting it there now in the week hurry said that I would be playing the
sanction if congress approved two and a half billion for the electoral fund and
not 3,800 make it very clear I didn’t touch on this subject this press doesn’t tire of
lie the guy wants to know points the line goes
veto or sanction what happens there September when we vote abuse here
of authority hadn’t even gotten mine to take a
hit already proves in anticipation came to study we listen to four girls
interested in this area attends all - we vetoed the congress overthrew the majority
of the ten boat topics, right, I can't do anything more than that
there are some more exalted ones that I can interfere in the legislature in the judiciary
can intervene in a very hurt time and I don’t even want to leave isn’t part of the
democracy triumphed doctor earned as had a fake don't know i would be
with cancer this morning and is running for a
little video as always talk to the press today the press prepared the
question i will not answer anything because it started with the top tires water for
home does not give an interview to him is lie on top of lies
woefully big for our print media and one made in the week that I
wanted a return to lisbon union and would have put a line in order to
working towards the faith was a rapporteur of a similar project we overturned
union strength that the back so that money for the union wants to say something
thing must do I think the union will do a good job right
the employee will pay voluntarily
your contribution was the boleto also let's go ahead
we started paying the day before yesterday the 10th of the 13th of the family allowance to the one
governor was talking any not to controversy filled with optimism and joe
days ax in xexéu fill it his state the corporal of pm marcelo attack
we learned button agreed saying he is granting scholarships the 13th
Bolsa Família playing in the past having a project in this sense and reporting by the
pt in the senate is buried filed this bill accordingly makes it very clear
which is the resource to pay 10 he much of the fight against fraud is very common
see how to do a survey there because it is not well defined the
criteria for granting a family allowance
has councilor has entrepreneur who can imagine and receiving scholarship increase 10 and
today until the 23rd of March and it will be paid outside so it ends here has to punish
la packs of montesano cream that sent half of st to talk to us
the president will now be a bank focused on how Brazilian the bank
formerly then playing previous ones or knowing very well how ana was
focused on financial profit the bank had to make a high profit and is with the company
great now we're here for the better
improve citizens' lives don't go sanitation lower the price of gas they put
in public action so picking up that bank is focused on big heavy and the
subsidized empathy and focus on improving the life of the Brazilian focused on the purpose
in profit I have my son of them is very
important that I see I see and the price of nickel is not easy
is puc to study outside brazil championship off the field that i wanted
speak here your request for the end of the house stay await the next step of the step
the proof of the pisa is in english that the pisa is one in an educational pot
three-dimensional education day the student assessment activity is done in
three years the first test was done in 2000 with about 70 countries
take proof of Portuguese mathematics and science of the kids than 15 years of
our case here is in the 9th grade of elementary school and it was done then
three years right 1823 right last year in April was
done one more test of the pilot result of now part of the media put on my
account of the step test because it fell in relation to the last three-year period
great advantage now or in the future in Brazil never again because it came to
studying is like that game of those who lose will not win who she will
losing flamenco and avaí it has not resulted flamengo is first place
I will be at the last one here the floor has reached this point now so we are
playing hard to change that there is nothing to do with the government at the end of
accounts we want to improve the quality of teaching as messing with school
stimulating the teacher to teach what really matters classroom today I
I spoke in the northeast in some universities some adversity
the student does everything but history I think it is wrong because the level there isn’t
proves to step on the university girl I don't know
of the line but the training is not good a local school where it is possible to learn
a profession will leave a good professional good boss or employee if
it is not but who understands it really is from your position I'm kind of wanted
sit put in my account this if practically in last place
in this area of ​​south america one of the last in the world
in this collection here is sad for us china is in first place so
that china imports it imports good stuff from all over the world how important is our
meat some complain about the price with safe
really on the subject but every year at that time november / december
off-season there is an increase in meat not as much as it was now but that there is
this increase and the rural producer that for years almost ten years was without profit
zero to zero now it's important never selling out well what's up
happening also to see again the man in the field is investing more in
livestock that in a few months the tendency is to return this to normality
some even charge me on the internet for an interest rate table or the
reservation worked today the treasure sold 600 right there doesn't even have a dog
but to eat the cat, everyone's ok and the same as the senate in
shovel misery are not going to do this here is we want and we are going to open our market in
all over the world we import and make the price of meat very clear
increased only here in brazil not uruguay paraguay in argentina in
united states very wrong even china
reinforce it is rescuing that s of the bené speaks in an adhesion thank you very much
newspaper we are remembering a very present
elevated by general heleno that ben 10 and ends with ss of social is of
singh health sanitation that help most spoke to me very well of the baby is
here to say yes to the people and ssd at the service of the brazilian people we are a
bank of economic and social development and we are here for this not only
to close the large company but without imagining the citizen
a curiosity is that it already talks about education right
the Congress decided not to speak mentha tighten the bill forcing that
all public schools have a psychologist a social worker a touch
touch that was approved I vetoed I took a blow the psychopath doesn’t want anymore
personal details there is such a law of
fiscal responsibility that I cannot create expense without there being a forecast
of resources for this is very simple i'll was a victim
then it will be a party in an understanding of mine right
imagine what will happen to brazil gvt's actions
now I want to do the congress overturned the veto
I will kick students here close to 200 thousand schools in Brazil two people each
one but two thousand and 400 thousand jobs
so it’s not that I don’t want to, I won’t even discuss the possibility because it doesn’t
I can, I have a limit and that's it, so this project, in my opinion, does not
it was a reasonable project brings false hope what will happen now
regardless of my desire to lose in the same
going to be questioned with nothing but the supreme federal court going to be tried
functional and went back to square one and it may be that one day we will have this only
it would be very good but now in the current situation it is real only going to take out has a sister
that the psychologist so who did she also say that I should create jobs on top
on top of me most notably is not going to be that piece that way it was not the day
pedro do not attend the propaganda and five hundred reais to who had the right to
guarantee fund and fetch money a lot of famous people that was little is certain
but a lot of people also liked the i'm going to ask to increase the limit will pass
to 993 if you are completing another number that was done by then yesterday the
water and the mind is will print the date hand the federal savings bank will
make this payment on December 20, that is to say Friday without success
the other on December 20, 10 million Brazilians
2.6 billion grandchildren so this is an important point
President the box is fully prepared with you
family and 13th the box the bank of social policies
this will have people manage to pay very peacefully
on the last lap I think it's worth it because it has to do with security
public in that so look at me is integrally the
project of the same week a congress voted no
was elected but more or less the following to be quite objective the smallest once
suffered an aggression from an adult one to an adult he he was represented by
parents at the police station from now on with this project if
it became a law and does not depend on the parents' will then
any news from the newspaper of a minor assault
the prosecutor's office brought action against this evil
the mp and dependent on the manifestation of the parents
the secretary the least who has suffered an attack nor I vetoed
the project had people who think I was wrong because we should not defend the
child in brazil the little child up to 17 years old
so if the economist who spoke when I can continue can continue on
campaign the channel is there we are
legally economist of ipea what happens is that is the video imagine
any police action where the minor is detained is assaulted until
verbal will already be prosecuted the mp goes to him would not be missing
some zones right these part of technicians you know right from the left and just do the
search around to represent to find a fair way and so that this police
would undergo an inventory process so because of that but
it still has nothing to do with the authors it was nothing to swear to know who is the
author of this project gleise hoffmann repeat gleise hoffmann
very worried about minors maybe after the squid politician said that only
because the kid is stealing his cell phone, go to the police to implement it
example leaves the mother to steal and peace rapporteur of the project in the chamber reported
to bed the maria session of the rosary swims against the
her name but we veto the project for the sake of public safety and really prove
police can work work in peace
when you have in front of you is 11 minor offender it’s only yesterday to close because
we have is a graduation in its half and engineering
let's review the school event tva that five years ago she will buy only
but also something longer just to close the president yesterday that
paid the treasure 30 billion reais are not in my can I had
committed 126 thousand paying 62 and a half then year but that issued it and helps the
interest will drop to 46 payments next year this when
the rate would be close to inflation if that debt amount does not
grows does not untie presents itself in the economy even though it has the worst is that
if you are not here the daughter called I think the name is working because I
I don’t understand it’s because people trust their president the government could only
being the sock took the tea is no use I will enter the operating room at
does anyone think it flies because I'm captain artillery captain without doing
exactly the opposite I ask for something better I want
thank you and the cashier again every time the central bank cuts interest
one day later we will be mathematically
reductions in the consumer has no chance I think it almost arrived
limit the 40 a little way down even today inflation has fallen
more clearance have a chance to decrease below the overdraft has 144 89
I think in the future it can decrease until Monday the dog yes I just complain to
damn and 14% the box is the box 35 gives for the month
yes it is just an important point with the leadership of Mr. luiz paulo who is
this roberto costa the president of the central bank the more the rules of the game and
households plus confidence and the interest rate still at which the brethren brazil
so I hope so with more confidence we will be more
times is our image and modern sound pedro lucas
thank you very much good night to all of you until next Thursday if god wants